Report- Riti Patel 
706254474
The name of the recursive goblin movement function is bool Monster::goblinPath(Player* p, Dungeon* d, int row, int col, int pRow, int pCol, int distance). It is in the monster.cpp file. 
This function goblinPath is recursively finding a path for a goblin to move towards the player (p) in a given Dungeon (d). It uses a search to explore possible moves and pushes the direction of each valid move into a queue called goblinMoves. If the current position matches the position of the player then it is known that the player has reached the goblin. The function recursively explores four possible moves (up, down, left, right) from the current position (row, col) towards the player's position. It also checks if the player is going to run into a wall or another function. If a valid move is found then it is pushed to the goblinMoves queue. The distance to the player is decremented by 1 to make sure that the function doesn’t recurse indefinitely. Overall, this function recursively explores possible paths for the goblin and player movement. 


The void Dungeon::createGrid() function creates the rooms and corridors for the game. It uses random numbers to determine the number, size, and position of the rooms. Then it connects the rooms with corridors, ensuring they don't overlap. Finally, it places the stairs or the idol based on the current dungeon level. It places the stairs or the idol based on the current dungeon level , the stairs '>' are placed if the dungeon level is less than 4, and the idol '&' is placed if the dungeon level is 4.The positions are chosen randomly for all of these items. I use the random function in order to create the random rooms for the levels. The for loop iterates over the adjacent rooms which are all connecting. This function also calculates the midpoint of the rooms to determine the starting and ending points for the corridors. Based on the condition encountered, the game makes the corridors. If  the dungeon is already at level 4 then it places an idol randomly in the space.  If the dungeon level is less than 4, it places a stair '>' at a random position.